It was a beautiful summer day in the small city that Mark had lived in for his entire life. It was quite calm and
peaceful. The only noticeable sounds in the ambient coming from the chirping of the birds outside and his neighbor
Jim's lawnmower, which he always took out every Saturday at twelve, as a faithful routine of his. The faint whistling
of Jim was mostly drowned out by the much louder lawnmower, but a bit of it still came through, along with the smell
of the recently cut grass. This monotonous soundscape was only broken momentarily by Jim changing directions or by a
stray car passing through the street.

Mark lay on the couch, bored out of his mind after another long week at work. His friends had canceled their beach
trip at the last moment, his beach bag on the table of his living room, alongside his car keys. It was a bummer, but
he couldn't do anything about it, since he refused to be the lonely loser at the beach all alone. After a good while
of doomscrolling, at least enough for Jim to finish mowing his lawn, he decided he was not spending his Saturday
lying on the couch all by himself. He got up with a big stretch, passed the prepared bag on his way out, and went for
a small walk.

The town was pretty calm that day. Few people were out on the streets, probably out on vacations, or enjoying the
nice weather in the nearby beach area, where most families and young people usually spent their weekends during the
summer months. The only people around seemed to be old couples, sitting around on their porches, and a congregation of
old women knitting and gossiping all together on a lawn. Eventually, though, Mark managed to find a interesting enough
lawn. What seemed to be the home of a pretty nuclear family had on display a pretty moderate yard sale, hosted under an
excessively large tree, that must've been on their land for at least a century.

It wasn't the biggest yard sale ever, but it was definitely pretty interesting. It wasn't just the usual worthless
trinkets lying around the foldable tables, but, instead, most of them seemed like interesting paintings, and antique
items. There were only two people rummaging through the sale, an old lady, who was looking through a pile of yellowed
and torn books in what seemed to be some Arabian language; and a 60-something-year-old man, who looked to be the
father of the family, and was unboxing a bunch of golden trinkets into a tray. The poor man was wheelchair-bound, and
Mark was a bit sad for the poor man's condition. A woman of around the same age, probably his wife, was looking at the
yard sale from the porch, with a relaxed happy expression on her slightly wrinkled face.

Most of the antiquities sold there seemed to come from all over the world. From very European-looking paintings,
with depictions of saints, virgins, and nobles, books written in all kinds of languages, from German to Slavic
tongues, and from all over the ages. It seemed like this family had a vast collection of antiquities they wanted
to get rid of, maybe before moving out? Maybe to pay for college for a kid? Who could know...

Mark was very intrigued by all these wares and rummaged through them. From historical flags tainted by time and use,
to artifacts of all kinds, the yard sale was full of interesting, and probably invaluable items. One such item did
call Mark's attention. Whilst inspecting a section full of golden goods, from ancient coins to golden, beetle-engraved
arrowheads of dubious bellicose utility, he found a peculiar object that called his attention. It wasn't his first time
finding an oil lamp; he had seen them before at flea markets and antiquities stores, which he had looked through in
other boredom-induced "walking weekends," as he oftentimes enjoyed jokingly calling them. But this one felt completely
different, even though it appeared very similar to the others.

The golden color was much purer than he had ever seen, and he would fully believe if they told him that the oil lamp
was made of almost pure gold, instead of the more affordable brass normally used. If that was the case, it must have
been a crucial item indeed, probably crafted in ancient times by a very skilled and well-paid craftsman... He was
curious to know more details regarding its origins, and, especially, the price tag attached to it. He cleared the dust
off of the lamp, slightly expecting a genie to come out, which sadly didn't happen, though it wasn't a dealbreaker
just yet.

He signaled to the old man and brought the lamp before him. He very kindly explained that all the wares on that table,
from the various coins, to the open box with a bow and arrow, including the oil lamp in Mark's hands, had come from his
career as an archeologist. During his travels to Egypt, he had found all of those wares, and more. Some he had kept,
others he had sold around to whoever would buy them. But, as he explained, he was now retired; after having suffered a
work-related accident that also left him unable to see from one of his eyes. Mark felt bad for the old man, though he
seemed pretty happy. Apparently, the reason he was holding this yard sale was to try and empty his house a bit. He
offered the lamp to Mark for a pretty fair price, for what he confirmed was full weight of gold. Mark didn't even
dare try to bargain with the poor man, even going as far as giving him a bit more of what he asked for if just because
he felt terrible for the poor old disabled man.

After a good walk back home, with the oil lamp in a small (and petty unfitting) grocery bag, he finally got home. He
put the bag on the living room table before putting away the car keys and the beach bag. He then directed all of his
attention towards the new purchase. Taking it out of the bad, he observed it. The lamp was so impressive it looked
almost magical. A few scratches here and there gave away the age and usage of such an item, but the surface still had
large areas that were completely untouched by any kind of blemish completely. No scratches, no dents, no spots. It was
quite a sight. The man stared at it like a gold-obsessed goblin, the shininess almost addictive, as if it were a piece
of art that the mind doesn't quite comprehend, yet your eyes can't look away from it.

He stared at it for quite a few minutes, just taking it in with almost all his senses, touching it, watching its
shininess, hearing the clanking sound it made when he tapped his nail against it lightly, and even smelling the faint
metal odor it gave off when held in his hands. After a good while of exploring the sensations of the lamp, he decided
to see if it would properly work. After all, these lamps were made to last. He searched for a flammable oil around his
home, causing quite the fuss, only to come with his hands basically empty of any appropriate fuel, except for the
gasoline he used for his Zippo lighter, which, even though merely half full, would probably work fine for a quick test,
right?